# Shopping-Bag-Project
Your task is to create a small class hierarchy involving AT LEAST 3 separate classes that you have programmed yourself. These classes should include AT LEAST ONE parent-child (or super-class/sub-class) relationship. You also need to include at least ONE method THAT YOU HAVE WRITTEN which is overloaded or overridden. The classes you build should represent ‘retail items’ that might be available in a shop. You can imagine any kind of shop whatsoever, as long as it sells a physical item! NB: You SHOULD NOT write code for the Shop itself – only the items in the shop and a small “client” (see below) Each class must have a number of appropriate properties and methods. This must include a “price” property that will store the sale price of the item. You have been provided with code for a Shopping Bag class (ShoppingBag.java). The ShoppingBag class includes properties and methods that have already been written for you. You should not need to make any adjustments to this code BUT you do need to read the comments so that you know how to use it! You have also been supplied with a ‘client’ called “Shopping.java” which includes the main() method. One line has been included here to declare a ShoppingBag to get you started. NOTE – This does NOT count as one of the ‘custom-built’ classes that you have to write! When you have created your own classes, you need to modify shopping.java so that the program that will start by presenting the user with a small menu that allows them to buy any of the items you have for sale. The last option on the menu should be “Leave Shop”. When the user selects an item to buy, they should be prompted for a quantity (i.e. how many do they want to buy?) and then the menu should be displayed again. When the user selects the “Leave Shop” option, the programme should list all the items that they purchased, and the total amount spent in the shop.
